A bunch of people at Enthropic write
code and so you know we made this
internal tool called claude code and
because we ourselves write code we have
you know I think a special and unique
insight into you know how to use the how
to best use the AI models to write code.
Um so you know I think I think I think
in the code space you know we've we've
become very strong very strong
competitors.
>> What industry do you think will get
disrupted and what has a certain runway
left? I'm asking from the lens of I'm
trying to figure out what book to read,
which college to go to, what skill set
to learn. Uh if I'm starting a startup
today, uh what has some kind of a
tailwind
>> for a short period of time is okay as
well. But what
>> I mean, you know, I would I would think
about tasks that are human- centered. um
uh you know tasks that involve relating
to people you know I you know I think
that the stuff like code and software
engineering is you know is becoming more
and more kind of AI AI focused you know
things like math and science
>> is that coding or engineering if I were
to segregate coding and engineering to
be two completely different things
>> is coding go going away or is
engineering element of software where
you're an architect trying to figure out
>> I think coding is going away first or
coding is being you know done by the AI
models first and then the broader task
of software engineering will take longer
but I think that is you know that doing
that end to end I think that is going to
happen as well I would say um but you
know again the elements of like you know
design or making something that's useful
to users or knowing what the demand is
or you know managing teams of like AI
models like you know those things uh uh
may still be present again like there's
this comparative advantage is surprising
ly powerful, right? Even if you're only
doing like, you know, 5% of the task,
like, you know, that 5% gets super
amplified and levered because it's like
you're only doing 5% of the task, the AI
does the other 95% and so you become,
you know, 20 20 times more productive.
Again, at some point, you get to 99% 99
and then it becomes harder. But, um, I
think there's there's surprisingly much
in that in that sort of um, you know, in
that zone of comparative advantage. But
I would really think about the thing the
things that are human- centered. Like I
I think there's I think there's
something to that. I think there's
something to kind of the physical world
or or things that mix together human-
centered the physical world. One of
those two and analytical skills that
somehow tie them together, you know, sim
similar to the radiologist example I
gave.
>> So what would I study? Say I'm actual
use case. I'm 25 years old. I'm trying
to pick a profession for myself. I want
some kind of tailwind. My outcome is a
capitalistic win in the next decade.
What industry would I pick
outside of something which has a
physical interface?
>> Yeah. again anything where you're
building on AI like if AI is the
tailwind you know if you can be part of
some other other part of the supply
chain you know something in the
semiconductor space which you know I
think is you know that's one example you
know there has an element of kind of you
know physical world and more traditional
engineering not not software engineering
um you know again the the very kind of
human- centered professions like you
know that is that is something I would I
would think in terms of and I think the
other thing I always say is like in in
the world in which you know AI can kind
of generate anything and and you know
create anything having basic critical
thinking skills may be the most
important thing to to success. I I worry
about you know these AI models that that
generate images and videos and we don't
make you know models that generate
images and videos and for many reasons
but you know this is one of them. Um
it's really hard to tell what's real
from what's not. Um and and so you know
a significant part of success may be
having the street smarts you know not to
get not to get fooled by by you know I
mean hopefully we can crack down on and
and regulate some of some of some of
this fake content but but you know
assume we can't um you know critical
thinking skills are going to be really
important and you know you don't want to
fall for things that are that are that
are fake. You don't want to have false
beliefs. You don't want to get scammed
like you know that's that's really
advice that I would give to someone.
>> If every innovation in the history of
humanity killed a core human skills I
I'll give you an example. If calculators
killed our ability to do arithmetic,
if uh writing reduced the memory of
human beings per se, what muscle is AI
killing?
>> So, you know, first of all, I'm I'm I'm
not I'm not so sure like, you know, I I
still have I still do math in my head
quite a lot. I still find it useful to
do math in my head e you know even even
without a calculator just because it's
like you know it's more integrated into
my thought processes right you know I
you know you know I might want to say oh
yeah you know if like each user paid
this amount then you know then the
revenue would be that you know I want to
be able to close that loop in my head
without having to you know without
having to to give the answer to a
calculator so I think a lot of these
skills are still pretty relevant um but
you know I I would say that if you don't
use things carefully that you can lose
you can lose important skills. Um uh and
you know we you know I think we started
to see it with you know students where
you know it's like you know they have
the AI like write the essay for it's
basically just cheating on homework so
you know we shouldn't do that. You know,
we did some studies around code and
showed that, you know, depending on how
you use the model, you know, we we can
see deskilling in terms of writing code,
right? There are different ways to use
the model and some of them don't cause
deskkilling and some of them do. But,
you know, definitely if folks are not
thoughtful in how they use things, then
then deskkilling absolutely can happen.
>> Do you think humans will become stupider
as a race in the next decade? Because if
we are in a way
exporting
thinking and cognition to systems.
>> Yeah. I I think if we deploy again it's
the machines of loving grace and
adolescence of technology. I think if we
deploy AI in the wrong way, if we deploy
it carelessly, then yes, people could
become stupider. Even if an AI is always
going to be better than you at some
thing, you can still learn that thing,
right? You can still enrich yourself
intellectually. And so that's that's a
choice we have to make as as individual
companies, as individual people, and as
society overall.
>> When I tried to use Claude code for the
first time, I did struggle to get it to
work. It was for somebody who's very
stupid and has no coding or programming
knowledge. It's not uh it's not very
very easy. I think there's a learning
curve. I heard someone say it well. It's
like even prompt engineering is like
playing a piano. you can't sit and start
playing it. To my audience, I think it
becomes increasingly relevant where to
learn, how to set context, uh how to
prompt, how to use cloud code better for
somebody like me who comes with zero
knowledge. Uh can you recommend how one
does that?
>> Yeah, I mean first of all I would say
you know we're trying in we're trying
increasingly to kind of like make that
learning curve easier. So like one of
the things that caused us to release cla
um which is basically claude code for
non-coders is you know oh man you know
like we were noticing a bunch of
non-technical people who really wanted
to use claude code and we're struggling
through the command line terminal um to
do that which you know it's like like
coders use the command line terminal all
the time but like non-coders you know
it's just kind of like makes things
unnecessarily complicated. Um so you
know co-work was designed to be more of
a you know the you know the the kind of
you know it was powered by by the cloud
code engine on the back but you know the
idea was to kind of make it um you know
more um u more like user friendly and
and like easier to use. So, you know,
we're we're definitely trying to
introduce interfaces that kind of make
it make it easier. But I, you know, I
would also say, you know, that there's
um, you know, there there's like uh, you
know, classes you can take that, you
know, help you learn this thing. Now, I
think it's a very empirical science. You
mostly learn by doing, but you know,
it's like anthropic has its like, you
know, part of the company that we call
the Ministry of Education. And, you
know, I think increasingly, you know,
we'll put out videos on how to run
effective agents and how to prompt
models. you know, we've already done
some of that and I think we're going to
we're going to ramp it up because, you
know, we do want everyone to be able to
learn this